[For 2.6.3] Prepare new stable release 2.6.3 (#2848)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 2.6.3 / 2020-04-09

### Improvement

> - Database index improvement to increase Tracim reactivity (#2787)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better Tracim reactivity by improving Database indexing (#2787)
```

Author: Done

### Fixed issues

- Frontend: #2688
- Backend: #2687, #2793, #2811, #2812

### Other Changes

> - ElasticSearch: Refactor of indexing organization. So its necessary to drop existing index and create it again to use ElasticSearch, use CLI command for this (#2660)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ElasticSearch: Refactor of the indexing logic. It is necessary to drop the existing index and to create it again to use ElasticSearch, use the CLI command for this (#2660)
```

Author: Done

> ### Known issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known Issues
```

Author: Done and change all `issues` to `Issues`

> - SMTP server using implicit ssl can cause problem with Tracim. If you not activate `email.notification.smtp.use_implicit_ssl` and you use `email.processing_mode = sync`, when Tracim try to send email, backend error 500 appear after 5min and its also not possible to create new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SMTP servers using implicit SSL may cause issues with Tracim. If you not activate `email.notification.smtp.use_implicit_ssl` and you use `email.processing_mode = sync`, when Tracim tries to send email, 500 errors appear after a 5 minute timeout and its also not possible to create a new account.
```

Author: Done

> In next release we add simple information [here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/setting.md#enabling-the-mail-notification-feature) to test your SMTP configuration with Tracim configuration file (issue #2827)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In next release we will add information [here](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/blob/master/backend/doc/setting.md#enabling-the-mail-notification-feature) to test your SMTP configuration with the Tracim configuration file (issue #2827)
```

Author: Done

## 2.6.2 / 2020-03-20

> ### Fixed issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed Issues
```

Author: Done
